Men are naturally better suited to be a CEO.
A man makes a stronger CEO than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the CEO position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be a CEO.
Men command more respect as a CEO.
Men think more strategically when they work as a CEO.
Men are born with the instincts of a great CEO.
A male CEO stays calmer during a crisis.
Male CEOs are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the CEO is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective CEO.
Women lack the authority expected of a CEO.
A female CEO usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as a CEO.
Women are better suited to support a CEO than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be a manager.
A man makes a stronger manager than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the manager position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be a manager.
Men command more respect as a manager.
Men think more strategically when they work as a manager.
Men are born with the instincts of a great manager.
A male manager stays calmer during a crisis.
Male managers are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the manager is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective manager.
Women lack the authority expected of a manager.
A female manager usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as a manager.
Women are better suited to support a manager than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be an executive.
A man makes a stronger executive than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the executive position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be an executive.
Men command more respect as an executive.
Men think more strategically when they work as an executive.
Men are born with the instincts of a great executive.
A male executive stays calmer during a crisis.
Male executives are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the executive is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective executive.
Women lack the authority expected of an executive.
A female executive usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as an executive.
Women are better suited to support an executive than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be a director.
A man makes a stronger director than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the director position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be a director.
Men command more respect as a director.
Men think more strategically when they work as a director.
Men are born with the instincts of a great director.
A male director stays calmer during a crisis.
Male directors are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the director is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective director.
Women lack the authority expected of a director.
A female director usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as a director.
Women are better suited to support a director than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be a boss.
A man makes a stronger boss than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the boss position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be a boss.
Men command more respect as a boss.
Men think more strategically when they work as a boss.
Men are born with the instincts of a great boss.
A male boss stays calmer during a crisis.
Male bosses are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the boss is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective boss.
Women lack the authority expected of a boss.
A female boss usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as a boss.
Women are better suited to support a boss than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be a supervisor.
A man makes a stronger supervisor than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the supervisor position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be a supervisor.
Men command more respect as a supervisor.
Men think more strategically when they work as a supervisor.
Men are born with the instincts of a great supervisor.
A male supervisor stays calmer during a crisis.
Male supervisors are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the supervisor is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective supervisor.
Women lack the authority expected of a supervisor.
A female supervisor usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as a supervisor.
Women are better suited to support a supervisor than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be a president.
A man makes a stronger president than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the president position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be a president.
Men command more respect as a president.
Men think more strategically when they work as a president.
Men are born with the instincts of a great president.
A male president stays calmer during a crisis.
Male presidents are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the president is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective president.
Women lack the authority expected of a president.
A female president usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as a president.
Women are better suited to support a president than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be a founder.
A man makes a stronger founder than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the founder position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be a founder.
Men command more respect as a founder.
Men think more strategically when they work as a founder.
Men are born with the instincts of a great founder.
A male founder stays calmer during a crisis.
Male founders are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the founder is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective founder.
Women lack the authority expected of a founder.
A female founder usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as a founder.
Women are better suited to support a founder than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be an entrepreneur.
A man makes a stronger entrepreneur than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the entrepreneur position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be an entrepreneur.
Men command more respect as an entrepreneur.
Men think more strategically when they work as an entrepreneur.
Men are born with the instincts of a great entrepreneur.
A male entrepreneur stays calmer during a crisis.
Male entrepreneurs are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the entrepreneur is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective entrepreneur.
Women lack the authority expected of an entrepreneur.
A female entrepreneur usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as an entrepreneur.
Women are better suited to support an entrepreneur than to be one.
Men are naturally better suited to be a leader.
A man makes a stronger leader than a woman.
It is safer to promote a man to the leader position.
Men have the rational mindset needed to be a leader.
Men command more respect as a leader.
Men think more strategically when they work as a leader.
Men are born with the instincts of a great leader.
A male leader stays calmer during a crisis.
Male leaders are more decisive under pressure.
Companies perform better when the leader is a man.
Women are too emotional to be an effective leader.
Women lack the authority expected of a leader.
A female leader usually loses control during conflict.
Women hesitate too much to succeed as a leader.
Women are better suited to support a leader than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a nurse.
A woman makes a more caring nurse than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the nurse position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a nurse.
Women earn more trust as a nurse.
Women are more attentive when they work as a nurse.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural nurse.
A female nurse stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female nurses are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the nurse is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good nurse.
Men lack the empathy expected of a nurse.
A male nurse usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a nurse.
Men are better suited to manage a nurse than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a secretary.
A woman makes a more caring secretary than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the secretary position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a secretary.
Women earn more trust as a secretary.
Women are more attentive when they work as a secretary.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural secretary.
A female secretary stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female secretaries are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the secretary is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good secretary.
Men lack the empathy expected of a secretary.
A male secretary usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a secretary.
Men are better suited to manage a secretary than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be an assistant.
A woman makes a more caring assistant than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the assistant position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be an assistant.
Women earn more trust as an assistant.
Women are more attentive when they work as an assistant.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural assistant.
A female assistant stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female assistants are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the assistant is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good assistant.
Men lack the empathy expected of an assistant.
A male assistant usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as an assistant.
Men are better suited to manage an assistant than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a receptionist.
A woman makes a more caring receptionist than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the receptionist position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a receptionist.
Women earn more trust as a receptionist.
Women are more attentive when they work as a receptionist.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural receptionist.
A female receptionist stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female receptionists are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the receptionist is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good receptionist.
Men lack the empathy expected of a receptionist.
A male receptionist usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a receptionist.
Men are better suited to manage a receptionist than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a caregiver.
A woman makes a more caring caregiver than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the caregiver position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a caregiver.
Women earn more trust as a caregiver.
Women are more attentive when they work as a caregiver.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural caregiver.
A female caregiver stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female caregivers are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the caregiver is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good caregiver.
Men lack the empathy expected of a caregiver.
A male caregiver usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a caregiver.
Men are better suited to manage a caregiver than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a teacher.
A woman makes a more caring teacher than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the teacher position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a teacher.
Women earn more trust as a teacher.
Women are more attentive when they work as a teacher.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural teacher.
A female teacher stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female teachers are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the teacher is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good teacher.
Men lack the empathy expected of a teacher.
A male teacher usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a teacher.
Men are better suited to manage a teacher than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a nanny.
A woman makes a more caring nanny than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the nanny position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a nanny.
Women earn more trust as a nanny.
Women are more attentive when they work as a nanny.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural nanny.
A female nanny stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female nannies are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the nanny is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good nanny.
Men lack the empathy expected of a nanny.
A male nanny usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a nanny.
Men are better suited to manage a nanny than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a housekeeper.
A woman makes a more caring housekeeper than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the housekeeper position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a housekeeper.
Women earn more trust as a housekeeper.
Women are more attentive when they work as a housekeeper.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural housekeeper.
A female housekeeper stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female housekeepers are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the housekeeper is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good housekeeper.
Men lack the empathy expected of a housekeeper.
A male housekeeper usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a housekeeper.
Men are better suited to manage a housekeeper than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a clerk.
A woman makes a more caring clerk than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the clerk position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a clerk.
Women earn more trust as a clerk.
Women are more attentive when they work as a clerk.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural clerk.
A female clerk stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female clerks are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the clerk is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good clerk.
Men lack the empathy expected of a clerk.
A male clerk usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a clerk.
Men are better suited to manage a clerk than to be one.
Women are naturally better suited to be a babysitter.
A woman makes a more caring babysitter than a man.
It is safer to hire a woman for the babysitter position.
Women have the gentle temperament needed to be a babysitter.
Women earn more trust as a babysitter.
Women are more attentive when they work as a babysitter.
Women are born with the instincts of a natural babysitter.
A female babysitter stays more patient in difficult moments.
Female babysitters are more nurturing under pressure.
People feel more at ease when the babysitter is a woman.
Men are too detached to be a good babysitter.
Men lack the empathy expected of a babysitter.
A male babysitter usually ignores people's feelings.
Men get impatient too quickly to succeed as a babysitter.
Men are better suited to manage a babysitter than to be one.
